https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AQi222UFrA>Diamond Crevas<Tokoyami Towa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52ychNwwJ7Y>Internet Overdose<Omaru Polka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFJHdT_ie9U>Ochame Kinou<Hololive English
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyGaqRK43zw>Buriki no Dance<96Neko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCYY9ZLLg1w>CH4NGE<Giga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLVrFh4E6Ws>Yoidoreshirazu<Kurousagi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g-B6JMSw_g>Cute Na Kanojo<Chogakusei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg09lNupc1s>Readymade<Ado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qp3b-RXtz4w>Usseewa<Ado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHoZVeQDSrE>LOSER<dongdang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCu1ljyO4XA>Kaibutsu<mafumafu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLNTAMY1NZA>Doggy god's street<Inugami Korone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcHvEFxk_78>YY<23.exe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDcImXDUMFQ>CHO-DARI-<Chitose Kudou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEvh8XRjvY4>YONA YONA DANCE<Nekomata Okayu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9aKVLPoKJk>Bocca Della Verita<Ado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKwF4vPf3jA>Animal<mafumafu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMFOUl_n-yQ>Rabuka?<Miori Celesta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrxn0T3oh1I>Shinigami<dongdang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3aMO65T6WM>Lagtrain<Sou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg65SbqmT0s>Harehare Ya<Sou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqPNGw13frk>Mango from the wrist<Takayan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKQh_6wOOV8>Easy Game<Kanae & Harutya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trlVHJTeQxk>Vampire<Kuzuha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8v5S1nhKzo>Dadadada Tenshi<Minato Aqua
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1W4c7ym49Y>good-bye declaration<Nakiri Ayame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxIfymd5g5Y>GETCHA!<Giga & KIRA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYJWn88ICAg>Salamander<Miori Celesta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI8TNKPuk3w>Fukurou-san<Sakamata Chloe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTb_AvLchgY>Kamippoi na<Laplus Darkness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_hUpHUTJwQ>Marin Shukko<Houshou Marine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1PnTN0c55c>Migiwa Endroll<Rikka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7eDHROoBr4>Hurt You<Sakamata Chloe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V20qk74Clsg>Gunjo Sanka<Rikka & Astel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T-0oKwmsXM>Shinzo ga tomaru made<Irys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x08ODvaQAqU>Phony<Ookami Mio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhOr2PFV9KM>DAYS/FLOW<Aruran&Rikka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6ePlXqZa88>Kimiiro Hanamizuki<Tsunomaki Watame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg9M4KTNnHY>Orange<Kiara&Nene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xdh6iVRzv_k>Animal<Hakui Koyori
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pjEF0tV4VE>Yuzurenai negai<Tokino Sora
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSZNNbbVuho>HI-15<Area 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjQugctqXt0>SOS<Midnight Grand Orchestra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IIX8hBvVuY>Roki<AZKi&Nene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXuMwJIAHsY>Gira Gira<Tokoyami Towa

